README.md, before:

# 🧮 Flask Calculator  

A simple web-based calculator built using **Flask**. It performs basic arithmetic operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.

---

## 🚀 Features  
✔ Perform basic arithmetic operations (+, -, *, /)  
✔ Handles division by zero error  
✔ User-friendly UI with CSS styling  
✔ Supports both integer and decimal inputs  

---

## 📂 Project Structure  
/flask-calculator  
│── static/ # Stores CSS files  
│ ├── style.css  
│── templates/ # Stores HTML templates  
│ ├── index.html  
│── app.py # Flask application logic  
│── README.md # Project documentation  

---

## 🔧 Installation  

1️⃣ Clone this repository:  

    git clone https://github.com/your-username/flask-calculator.git
    cd flask-calculator
    
2️⃣ Create a virtual environment:

    python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
3️⃣ Install dependencies:

    pip install flask
    
4️⃣ Run the Flask app:

    python app.py
    
5️⃣ Open in browser:

    http://127.0.0.1:5000/

## Usage
1️⃣ Enter two numbers in the input fields.
2️⃣ Click on an operator (+, -, *, /).
3️⃣ The result will be displayed below.

📷 Screenshot

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5fa6e379-ce2c-4dab-9c88-43416966d01b)


## Technologies Used
Flask (Backend)

HTML, CSS (Frontend)

##
🤝 Contributing
Pull requests are welcome! Feel free to fork this repository and make improvements.

📜 License
This project is open-source and free to use.

Commit message:

Added live demo link to README
After Deploy

README.md, after:

# 🧮 Flask Calculator  

A simple web-based calculator built using **Flask**. It performs basic arithmetic operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.

---

## 🚀 Features  
✔ Perform basic arithmetic operations (+, -, *, /)  
✔ Handles division by zero error  
✔ User-friendly UI with CSS styling  
✔ Supports both integer and decimal inputs  

---

## 📂 Project Structure  
/flask-calculator  
│── static/ # Stores CSS files  
│ ├── style.css  
│── templates/ # Stores HTML templates  
│ ├── index.html  
│── app.py # Flask application logic  
│── README.md # Project documentation  

---
## 🌐 Live Demo

Check out the live Flask Calculator app deployed on Render:

👉 [https://calculator-with-flask.onrender.com](https://calculator-with-flask.onrender.com)

This app is built using Python and Flask, and demonstrates basic arithmetic operations in a web interface.

---

## 🔧 Installation  

1️⃣ Clone this repository:  

    git clone https://github.com/your-username/flask-calculator.git
    cd flask-calculator
    
2️⃣ Create a virtual environment:

    python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
3️⃣ Install dependencies:

    pip install flask
    
4️⃣ Run the Flask app:

    python app.py
    
5️⃣ Open in browser:

    http://127.0.0.1:5000/

## Usage
1️⃣ Enter two numbers in the input fields.
2️⃣ Click on an operator (+, -, *, /).
3️⃣ The result will be displayed below.

📷 Screenshot

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5fa6e379-ce2c-4dab-9c88-43416966d01b)


## Technologies Used
Flask (Backend)

HTML, CSS (Frontend)

##
🤝 Contributing
Pull requests are welcome! Feel free to fork this repository and make improvements.

📜 License
This project is open-source and free to use.
